

PCF-Steeltoe 1.0 GA


===========================================================================

The following copyright statements and licenses apply to various open
source software packages (or portions thereof) that are distributed with
this Pivotal Software, Inc. Product.

The Pivotal Product may also include other Pivotal components, which may
contain additional open source software packages. One or more such
open_source_licenses.txt files may therefore accompany this Pivotal
Product.

The Pivotal Product that includes this file does not necessarily use all
the open source software packages referred to below and may also only
use portions of a given package.


=============== TABLE OF CONTENTS =============================


The following is a listing of the open source components detailed in
this document. This list is provided for your convenience; please read
further if you wish to review the copyright notice(s) and the full text
of the license associated with each component.


SECTION 1: BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES

   >>> microsoft.identitymodel.protocols.openidconnect-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.win32.registry-1.1.0
   >>> newtonsoft json.net-9.0.1
   >>> newtonsoft.json-9.0.1
   >>> stackexchange.redis.strongname-1.1.605
   >>> system.collections-4.3.0
   >>> system.net.nameresolution-4.3.0
   >>> system.runtime.loader-4.3.0
   >>> system.threading.thread-4.3.0



SECTION 2: Apache License, V2.0

   >>> entityframework-6.1.3
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.cookies-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.jwtbearer-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.oauth-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.dataprotection-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.dataprotection.redis-0.1.0
   >>> microsoft.aspnetcore.hosting.abstractions-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.entityframeworkcore-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.caching.redis-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.configuration-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.abstractions-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.binder-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.environmentvariables-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.json-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.abstractions-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.logging.abstractions-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.options-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.options.configurationextensions-1.1.0
   >>> microsoft.extensions.platformabstractions-1.1.0
   >>> pivotal.discovery.client-f9c320e7b3971f0d2fd6bfa6b6dd96a4748c467c
   >>> pivotal.extensions.configuration.configserver-224cd18e8760be053070d860ff784b66cfb721b2
   >>> spring-cloud-dotnet-configuration-224cd18e8760be053070d860ff784b66cfb721b2
   >>> spring-cloud-dotnet-discovery-f9c320e7b3971f0d2fd6bfa6b6dd96a4748c467c
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.mysql-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.oauth-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.postgresql-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.rabbit-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.redis-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connectors-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.configuration-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.discovery-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.discovery.client-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.discovery.eureka.client-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.extensions.configuration.cloudfoundry-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.extensions.configuration.configserver-1.0.1
   >>> steeltoe.security-4e99f0b74f8a23031ca7f5876ecd5c33ecb80e4a
   >>> steeltoe.security.authentication.cloudfoundry-4e99f0b74f8a23031ca7f5876ecd5c33ecb80e4a
   >>> steeltoe.security.dataprotection.redis-4e99f0b74f8a23031ca7f5876ecd5c33ecb80e4a



APPENDIX. Standard License Files

   >>> Apache License, V2.0
   
   >>> Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License



--------------- SECTION 1:  BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES ----------

BSD-STYLE, MIT-STYLE, OR SIMILAR STYLE LICENSES are applicable to the following component(s).


>>> microsoft.identitymodel.protocols.openidconnect-1.1.0

// Copyright (c) Microsoft Corporation.
// All rights reserved.
//
// This code is licensed under the MIT License.
//
// Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
// of this software and associated documentation files(the "Software"), to deal
// in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
// to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and / or sell
// copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
// furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions :
//
// The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
// all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
//
// THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
// IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
// FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
// AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
// LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
// OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
// THE SOFTWARE.


>>> microsoft.win32.registry-1.1.0

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Microsoft Patent Promise for .NET Libraries and Runtime Components 

Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates ("Microsoft") promise not to assert 
any .NET Patents against you for making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
importing, or distributing Covered Code, as part of either a .NET Runtime or 
as part of any application designed to run on a .NET Runtime. 

If you file, maintain, or voluntarily participate in any claim in a lawsuit 
alleging direct or contributory patent infringement by any Covered Code, or 
inducement of patent infringement by any Covered Code, then your rights under 
this promise will automatically terminate. 

This promise is not an assurance that (i) any .NET Patents are valid or 
enforceable, or (ii) Covered Code does not infringe patents or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. No rights except those 
expressly stated in this promise are granted, waived, or received by 
Microsoft, whether by implication, exhaustion, estoppel, or otherwise. 
This is a personal promise directly from Microsoft to you, and you agree as a 
condition of benefiting from it that no Microsoft rights are received from 
suppliers, distributors, or otherwise from any other person in connection with 
this promise. 

Definitions: 

"Covered Code" means those Microsoft .NET libraries and runtime components as 
made available by Microsoft at https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr, 
https://github.com/dotnet/corefx and https://github.com/dotnet/corert.

".NET Patents" are those patent claims, both currently owned by Microsoft and 
acquired in the future, that are necessarily infringed by Covered Code. .NET 
Patents do not include any patent claims that are infringed by any Enabling 
Technology, that are infringed only as a consequence of modification of 
Covered Code, or that are infringed only by the combination of Covered Code 
with third party code. 

".NET Runtime" means any compliant implementation in software of (a) all of 
the required parts of the mandatory provisions of Standard ECMA-335  Common 
Language Infrastructure (CLI); and (b) if implemented, any additional 
functionality in Microsoft's .NET Framework, as described in Microsoft's API 
documentation on its MSDN website. For example, .NET Runtimes include 
Microsoft's .NET Framework and those portions of the Mono Project compliant 
with (a) and (b). 

"Enabling Technology" means underlying or enabling technology that may be 
used, combined, or distributed in connection with Microsoft's .NET Framework 
or other .NET Runtimes, such as hardware, operating systems, and applications 
that run on .NET Framework or other .NET Runtimes.


>>> newtonsoft json.net-9.0.1

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


>>> newtonsoft.json-9.0.1

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2007 James Newton-King

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


>>> stackexchange.redis.strongname-1.1.605

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2014 Stack Exchange

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

===============================================

Third Party Licenses:

The Redis project (https://redis.io/) is independent of this client library, and
is licensed separately under the three clause BSD license. The full license
information can be viewed here: https://redis.io/topics/license

This tool makes use of the "redis-doc" library from https://redis.io/documentation
in the intellisense comments, which is licensed under the
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license; full
details are available here:
https://github.com/antirez/redis-doc/blob/master/COPYRIGHT

The development solution uses the Redis-64 package from nuget
(https://www.nuget.org/packages/Redis-64) by Microsoft Open Technologies, inc.
This is licensed under the BSD license; full details are available here:
https://github.com/MSOpenTech/redis/blob/2.6/license.txt
This tool is not used in the release binaries.

The development solution uses the BookSleeve package from nuget
(https://code.google.com/p/booksleeve/) by Marc Gravell. This is licensed
under the Apache 2.0 license; full details are available here:
https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
This tool is not used in the release binaries.


>>> system.collections-4.3.0

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Microsoft Patent Promise for .NET Libraries and Runtime Components 

Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates ("Microsoft") promise not to assert 
any .NET Patents against you for making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
importing, or distributing Covered Code, as part of either a .NET Runtime or 
as part of any application designed to run on a .NET Runtime. 

If you file, maintain, or voluntarily participate in any claim in a lawsuit 
alleging direct or contributory patent infringement by any Covered Code, or 
inducement of patent infringement by any Covered Code, then your rights under 
this promise will automatically terminate. 

This promise is not an assurance that (i) any .NET Patents are valid or 
enforceable, or (ii) Covered Code does not infringe patents or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. No rights except those 
expressly stated in this promise are granted, waived, or received by 
Microsoft, whether by implication, exhaustion, estoppel, or otherwise. 
This is a personal promise directly from Microsoft to you, and you agree as a 
condition of benefiting from it that no Microsoft rights are received from 
suppliers, distributors, or otherwise from any other person in connection with 
this promise. 

Definitions: 

"Covered Code" means those Microsoft .NET libraries and runtime components as 
made available by Microsoft at https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr, 
https://github.com/dotnet/corefx and https://github.com/dotnet/corert.

".NET Patents" are those patent claims, both currently owned by Microsoft and 
acquired in the future, that are necessarily infringed by Covered Code. .NET 
Patents do not include any patent claims that are infringed by any Enabling 
Technology, that are infringed only as a consequence of modification of 
Covered Code, or that are infringed only by the combination of Covered Code 
with third party code. 

".NET Runtime" means any compliant implementation in software of (a) all of 
the required parts of the mandatory provisions of Standard ECMA-335  Common 
Language Infrastructure (CLI); and (b) if implemented, any additional 
functionality in Microsoft's .NET Framework, as described in Microsoft's API 
documentation on its MSDN website. For example, .NET Runtimes include 
Microsoft's .NET Framework and those portions of the Mono Project compliant 
with (a) and (b). 

"Enabling Technology" means underlying or enabling technology that may be 
used, combined, or distributed in connection with Microsoft's .NET Framework 
or other .NET Runtimes, such as hardware, operating systems, and applications 
that run on .NET Framework or other .NET Runtimes.


>>> system.net.nameresolution-4.3.0

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Microsoft Patent Promise for .NET Libraries and Runtime Components 

Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates ("Microsoft") promise not to assert 
any .NET Patents against you for making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
importing, or distributing Covered Code, as part of either a .NET Runtime or 
as part of any application designed to run on a .NET Runtime. 

If you file, maintain, or voluntarily participate in any claim in a lawsuit 
alleging direct or contributory patent infringement by any Covered Code, or 
inducement of patent infringement by any Covered Code, then your rights under 
this promise will automatically terminate. 

This promise is not an assurance that (i) any .NET Patents are valid or 
enforceable, or (ii) Covered Code does not infringe patents or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. No rights except those 
expressly stated in this promise are granted, waived, or received by 
Microsoft, whether by implication, exhaustion, estoppel, or otherwise. 
This is a personal promise directly from Microsoft to you, and you agree as a 
condition of benefiting from it that no Microsoft rights are received from 
suppliers, distributors, or otherwise from any other person in connection with 
this promise. 

Definitions: 

"Covered Code" means those Microsoft .NET libraries and runtime components as 
made available by Microsoft at https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr, 
https://github.com/dotnet/corefx and https://github.com/dotnet/corert.

".NET Patents" are those patent claims, both currently owned by Microsoft and 
acquired in the future, that are necessarily infringed by Covered Code. .NET 
Patents do not include any patent claims that are infringed by any Enabling 
Technology, that are infringed only as a consequence of modification of 
Covered Code, or that are infringed only by the combination of Covered Code 
with third party code. 

".NET Runtime" means any compliant implementation in software of (a) all of 
the required parts of the mandatory provisions of Standard ECMA-335  Common 
Language Infrastructure (CLI); and (b) if implemented, any additional 
functionality in Microsoft's .NET Framework, as described in Microsoft's API 
documentation on its MSDN website. For example, .NET Runtimes include 
Microsoft's .NET Framework and those portions of the Mono Project compliant 
with (a) and (b). 

"Enabling Technology" means underlying or enabling technology that may be 
used, combined, or distributed in connection with Microsoft's .NET Framework 
or other .NET Runtimes, such as hardware, operating systems, and applications 
that run on .NET Framework or other .NET Runtimes.


>>> system.runtime.loader-4.3.0

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Microsoft Patent Promise for .NET Libraries and Runtime Components 

Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates ("Microsoft") promise not to assert 
any .NET Patents against you for making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
importing, or distributing Covered Code, as part of either a .NET Runtime or 
as part of any application designed to run on a .NET Runtime. 

If you file, maintain, or voluntarily participate in any claim in a lawsuit 
alleging direct or contributory patent infringement by any Covered Code, or 
inducement of patent infringement by any Covered Code, then your rights under 
this promise will automatically terminate. 

This promise is not an assurance that (i) any .NET Patents are valid or 
enforceable, or (ii) Covered Code does not infringe patents or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. No rights except those 
expressly stated in this promise are granted, waived, or received by 
Microsoft, whether by implication, exhaustion, estoppel, or otherwise. 
This is a personal promise directly from Microsoft to you, and you agree as a 
condition of benefiting from it that no Microsoft rights are received from 
suppliers, distributors, or otherwise from any other person in connection with 
this promise. 

Definitions: 

"Covered Code" means those Microsoft .NET libraries and runtime components as 
made available by Microsoft at https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr, 
https://github.com/dotnet/corefx and https://github.com/dotnet/corert.

".NET Patents" are those patent claims, both currently owned by Microsoft and 
acquired in the future, that are necessarily infringed by Covered Code. .NET 
Patents do not include any patent claims that are infringed by any Enabling 
Technology, that are infringed only as a consequence of modification of 
Covered Code, or that are infringed only by the combination of Covered Code 
with third party code. 

".NET Runtime" means any compliant implementation in software of (a) all of 
the required parts of the mandatory provisions of Standard ECMA-335  Common 
Language Infrastructure (CLI); and (b) if implemented, any additional 
functionality in Microsoft's .NET Framework, as described in Microsoft's API 
documentation on its MSDN website. For example, .NET Runtimes include 
Microsoft's .NET Framework and those portions of the Mono Project compliant 
with (a) and (b). 

"Enabling Technology" means underlying or enabling technology that may be 
used, combined, or distributed in connection with Microsoft's .NET Framework 
or other .NET Runtimes, such as hardware, operating systems, and applications 
that run on .NET Framework or other .NET Runtimes.


>>> system.threading.thread-4.3.0

The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


Microsoft Patent Promise for .NET Libraries and Runtime Components 

Microsoft Corporation and its affiliates ("Microsoft") promise not to assert 
any .NET Patents against you for making, using, selling, offering for sale, 
importing, or distributing Covered Code, as part of either a .NET Runtime or 
as part of any application designed to run on a .NET Runtime. 

If you file, maintain, or voluntarily participate in any claim in a lawsuit 
alleging direct or contributory patent infringement by any Covered Code, or 
inducement of patent infringement by any Covered Code, then your rights under 
this promise will automatically terminate. 

This promise is not an assurance that (i) any .NET Patents are valid or 
enforceable, or (ii) Covered Code does not infringe patents or other 
intellectual property rights of any third party. No rights except those 
expressly stated in this promise are granted, waived, or received by 
Microsoft, whether by implication, exhaustion, estoppel, or otherwise. 
This is a personal promise directly from Microsoft to you, and you agree as a 
condition of benefiting from it that no Microsoft rights are received from 
suppliers, distributors, or otherwise from any other person in connection with 
this promise. 

Definitions: 

"Covered Code" means those Microsoft .NET libraries and runtime components as 
made available by Microsoft at https://github.com/dotnet/coreclr, 
https://github.com/dotnet/corefx and https://github.com/dotnet/corert.

".NET Patents" are those patent claims, both currently owned by Microsoft and 
acquired in the future, that are necessarily infringed by Covered Code. .NET 
Patents do not include any patent claims that are infringed by any Enabling 
Technology, that are infringed only as a consequence of modification of 
Covered Code, or that are infringed only by the combination of Covered Code 
with third party code. 

".NET Runtime" means any compliant implementation in software of (a) all of 
the required parts of the mandatory provisions of Standard ECMA-335  Common 
Language Infrastructure (CLI); and (b) if implemented, any additional 
functionality in Microsoft's .NET Framework, as described in Microsoft's API 
documentation on its MSDN website. For example, .NET Runtimes include 
Microsoft's .NET Framework and those portions of the Mono Project compliant 
with (a) and (b). 

"Enabling Technology" means underlying or enabling technology that may be 
used, combined, or distributed in connection with Microsoft's .NET Framework 
or other .NET Runtimes, such as hardware, operating systems, and applications 
that run on .NET Framework or other .NET Runtimes.


--------------- SECTION 2: Apache License, V2.0 ----------

Apache License, V2.0 is applicable to the following component(s).


>>> entityframework-6.1.3

Copyright (c) Microsoft Open Technologies, Inc.  All rights reserved.
Microsoft Open Technologies would like to thank its contributors, a list of whom
are at https://aspnetwebstack.codeplex.com/wikipage?title=Contributors.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may
obtain a copy of the License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions
and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.cookies-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.jwtbearer-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.authentication.oauth-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.dataprotection-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.dataprotection.redis-0.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.aspnetcore.hosting.abstractions-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.entityframeworkcore-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.caching.redis-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.configuration-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.abstractions-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.binder-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.environmentvariables-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.configuration.json-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.dependencyinjection.abstractions-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.logging.abstractions-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.options-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.options.configurationextensions-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> microsoft.extensions.platformabstractions-1.1.0

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at

https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.


>>> pivotal.discovery.client-f9c320e7b3971f0d2fd6bfa6b6dd96a4748c467c

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.
//


>>> pivotal.extensions.configuration.configserver-224cd18e8760be053070d860ff784b66cfb721b2

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.
//


>>> spring-cloud-dotnet-configuration-224cd18e8760be053070d860ff784b66cfb721b2

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


>>> spring-cloud-dotnet-discovery-f9c320e7b3971f0d2fd6bfa6b6dd96a4748c467c

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

       https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

   Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.mysql-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.oauth-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.postgresql-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.rabbit-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connector.redis-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.cloudfoundry.connectors-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.configuration-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.discovery-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.discovery.client-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.discovery.eureka.client-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.extensions.configuration.cloudfoundry-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.extensions.configuration.configserver-1.0.1

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.security-4e99f0b74f8a23031ca7f5876ecd5c33ecb80e4a

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.security.authentication.cloudfoundry-4e99f0b74f8a23031ca7f5876ecd5c33ecb80e4a

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


>>> steeltoe.security.dataprotection.redis-4e99f0b74f8a23031ca7f5876ecd5c33ecb80e4a

// Copyright 2015 the original author or authors.
//
// Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
// you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
// You may obtain a copy of the License at
//
// https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
//
// Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
// distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
// WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
// See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
// limitations under the License.


=============== APPENDIX. Standard License Files ============== 



--------------- SECTION 1: Apache License, V2.0 -----------

Apache License 

Version 2.0, January 2004 
https://www.apache.org/licenses/ 

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION 

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction,
and distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the
copyright owner that is granting the License.  

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other
entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common control
with that entity. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means
(i) the power, direct or indirect, to cause the direction or management
of such entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership
of fifty percent (50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii)
beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.  

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications,
including but not limited to software source code, documentation source,
and configuration files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation
or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled
object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media
types.  

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or
Object form, made available under the License, as indicated by a copyright
notice that is included in or attached to the work (an example is provided
in the Appendix below).  

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form,
that is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial
revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent,
as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this
License, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable
from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work
and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the
original version of the Work and any modifications or additions to
that Work or Derivative Works thereof, that is intentionally submitted
to Licensor for inclusion in the Work by the copyright owner or by an
individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit on behalf of the copyright
owner. For the purposes of this definition, "submitted" means any form of
electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to the Licensor or its
representatives, including but not limited to communication on electronic
mailing lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems
that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for the purpose of
discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication that is
conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity
on behalf of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and
subsequently incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor
hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce, prepare
Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and
distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this License, each Contributor
hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-charge,
royalty- free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and
otherwise transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those
patent claims licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily
infringed by their Contribution(s) alone or by combination of
their Contribution(s) with the Work to which such Contribution(s)
was submitted. If You institute patent litigation against any entity
(including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit) alleging that the
Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work constitutes direct
or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses granted
to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date
such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution.
You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or Derivative Works
thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in Source or
Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

  a. You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works
     a copy of this License; and

  b. You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
     that You changed the files; and

  c. You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that
     You distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution
     notices from the Source form of the Work, excluding those notices
     that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works; and

  d. If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its
     distribution, then any Derivative Works that You distribute must
     include a readable copy of the attribution notices contained
     within such NOTICE file, excluding those notices that do not
     pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one of
     the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part
     of the Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation,
     if provided along with the Derivative Works; or, within a display
     generated by the Derivative Works, if and wherever such third-party
     notices normally appear. The contents of the NOTICE file are for
     informational purposes only and do not modify the License. You
     may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
     You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text
     from the Work, provided that such additional attribution notices
     cannot be construed as modifying the License.  You may add Your own
     copyright statement to Your modifications and may provide additional
     or different license terms and conditions for use, reproduction, or
     distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative Works
     as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the
     Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions.
Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any Contribution intentionally
submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the Licensor shall be
under the terms and conditions of this License, without any additional
terms or conditions.  Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may
have executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks.
This License does not grant permission to use the trade names, trademarks,
service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required for
reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty.
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, Licensor
provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions) on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or
conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability.
In no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including
negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by applicable law
(such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in writing,
shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any direct,
indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to
use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill,
work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other
commercial damages or losses), even if such Contributor has been advised
of the possibility of such damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability.
While redistributing the Work or Derivative Works thereof, You may
choose to offer, and charge a fee for, acceptance of support, warranty,
indemnity, or other liability obligations and/or rights consistent with
this License. However, in accepting such obligations, You may act only
on Your own behalf and on Your sole responsibility, not on behalf of
any other Contributor, and only if You agree to indemnify, defend, and
hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred by, or claims
asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any such
warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 



--------------- SECTION 2: Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License -----------

Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International 

Official translations of this license are available in other languages.
Creative Commons Corporation (�Creative Commons�) is not a law firm and does not provide legal services or legal advice. Distribution of Creative Commons public licenses does not create a lawyer-client or other relationship. Creative Commons makes its licenses and related information available on an �as-is� basis. Creative Commons gives no warranties regarding its licenses, any material licensed under their terms and conditions, or any related information. Creative Commons disclaims all liability for damages resulting from their use to the fullest extent possible.

Using Creative Commons Public Licenses

Creative Commons public licenses provide a standard set of terms and conditions that creators and other rights holders may use to share original works of authorship and other material subject to copyright and certain other rights specified in the public license below. The following considerations are for informational purposes only, are not exhaustive, and do not form part of our licenses.

Considerations for licensors: Our public licenses are intended for use by those authorized to give the public permission to use material in ways otherwise restricted by copyright and certain other rights. Our licenses are irrevocable. Licensors should read and understand the terms and conditions of the license they choose before applying it. Licensors should also secure all rights necessary before applying our licenses so that the public can reuse the material as expected. Licensors should clearly mark any material not subject to the license. This includes other CC-licensed material, or material used under an exception or limitation to copyright. More considerations for licensors.
Considerations for the public: By using one of our public licenses, a licensor grants the public permission to use the licensed material under specified terms and conditions. If the licensor�s permission is not necessary for any reason�for example, because of any applicable exception or limitation to copyright�then that use is not regulated by the license. Our licenses grant only permissions under copyright and certain other rights that a licensor has authority to grant. Use of the licensed material may still be restricted for other reasons, including because others have copyright or other rights in the material. A licensor may make special requests, such as asking that all changes be marked or described. Although not required by our licenses, you are encouraged to respect those requests where reasonable. More considerations for the public.
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License

By exercising the Licensed Rights (defined below), You accept and agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International Public License ("Public License"). To the extent this Public License may be interpreted as a contract, You are granted the Licensed Rights in consideration of Your acceptance of these terms and conditions, and the Licensor grants You such rights in consideration of benefits the Licensor receives from making the Licensed Material available under these terms and conditions.

Section 1 � Definitions.

Adapted Material means material subject to Copyright and Similar Rights that is derived from or based upon the Licensed Material and in which the Licensed Material is translated, altered, arranged, transformed, or otherwise modified in a manner requiring permission under the Copyright and Similar Rights held by the Licensor. For purposes of this Public License, where the Licensed Material is a musical work, performance, or sound recording, Adapted Material is always produced where the Licensed Material is synched in timed relation with a moving image.
Adapter's License means the license You apply to Your Copyright and Similar Rights in Your contributions to Adapted Material in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Public License.
BY-SA Compatible License means a license listed at creativecommons.org/compatiblelicenses, approved by Creative Commons as essentially the equivalent of this Public License.
Copyright and Similar Rights means copyright and/or similar rights closely related to copyright including, without limitation, performance, broadcast, sound recording, and Sui Generis Database Rights, without regard to how the rights are labeled or categorized. For purposes of this Public License, the rights specified in Section 2(b)(1)-(2) are not Copyright and Similar Rights.
Effective Technological Measures means those measures that, in the absence of proper authority, may not be circumvented under laws fulfilling obligations under Article 11 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty adopted on December 20, 1996, and/or similar international agreements.
Exceptions and Limitations means fair use, fair dealing, and/or any other exception or limitation to Copyright and Similar Rights that applies to Your use of the Licensed Material.
License Elements means the license attributes listed in the name of a Creative Commons Public License. The License Elements of this Public License are Attribution and ShareAlike.
Licensed Material means the artistic or literary work, database, or other material to which the Licensor applied this Public License.
Licensed Rights means the rights granted to You subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, which are limited to all Copyright and Similar Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material and that the Licensor has authority to license.
Licensor means the individual(s) or entity(ies) granting rights under this Public License.
Share means to provide material to the public by any means or process that requires permission under the Licensed Rights, such as reproduction, public display, public performance, distribution, dissemination, communication, or importation, and to make material available to the public including in ways that members of the public may access the material from a place and at a time individually chosen by them.
Sui Generis Database Rights means rights other than copyright resulting from Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases, as amended and/or succeeded, as well as other essentially equivalent rights anywhere in the world.
You means the individual or entity exercising the Licensed Rights under this Public License. Your has a corresponding meaning.
Section 2 � Scope.

License grant.
Subject to the terms and conditions of this Public License, the Licensor hereby grants You a worldwide, royalty-free, non-sublicensable, non-exclusive, irrevocable license to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Licensed Material to:
reproduce and Share the Licensed Material, in whole or in part; and
produce, reproduce, and Share Adapted Material.
Exceptions and Limitations. For the avoidance of doubt, where Exceptions and Limitations apply to Your use, this Public License does not apply, and You do not need to comply with its terms and conditions.
Term. The term of this Public License is specified in Section 6(a).
Media and formats; technical modifications allowed. The Licensor authorizes You to exercise the Licensed Rights in all media and formats whether now known or hereafter created, and to make technical modifications necessary to do so. The Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any right or authority to forbid You from making technical modifications necessary to exercise the Licensed Rights, including technical modifications necessary to circumvent Effective Technological Measures. For purposes of this Public License, simply making modifications authorized by this Section 2(a)(4) never produces Adapted Material.
Downstream recipients.
Offer from the Licensor � Licensed Material. Every recipient of the Licensed Material automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights under the terms and conditions of this Public License.
Additional offer from the Licensor � Adapted Material. Every recipient of Adapted Material from You automatically receives an offer from the Licensor to exercise the Licensed Rights in the Adapted Material under the conditions of the Adapter�s License You apply.
No downstream restrictions. You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, the Licensed Material if doing so restricts exercise of the Licensed Rights by any recipient of the Licensed Material.
No endorsement. Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be construed as permission to assert or imply that You are, or that Your use of the Licensed Material is, connected with, or sponsored, endorsed, or granted official status by, the Licensor or others designated to receive attribution as provided in Section 3(a)(1)(A)(i).
Other rights.

Moral rights, such as the right of integrity, are not licensed under this Public License, nor are publicity, privacy, and/or other similar personality rights; however, to the extent possible, the Licensor waives and/or agrees not to assert any such rights held by the Licensor to the limited extent necessary to allow You to exercise the Licensed Rights, but not otherwise.
Patent and trademark rights are not licensed under this Public License.
To the extent possible, the Licensor waives any right to collect royalties from You for the exercise of the Licensed Rights, whether directly or through a collecting society under any voluntary or waivable statutory or compulsory licensing scheme. In all other cases the Licensor expressly reserves any right to collect such royalties.
Section 3 � License Conditions.

Your exercise of the Licensed Rights is expressly made subject to the following conditions.

Attribution.

If You Share the Licensed Material (including in modified form), You must:

retain the following if it is supplied by the Licensor with the Licensed Material:
identification of the creator(s) of the Licensed Material and any others designated to receive attribution, in any reasonable manner requested by the Licensor (including by pseudonym if designated);
a copyright notice;
a notice that refers to this Public License;
a notice that refers to the disclaimer of warranties;
a URI or hyperlink to the Licensed Material to the extent reasonably practicable;
indicate if You modified the Licensed Material and retain an indication of any previous modifications; and
indicate the Licensed Material is licensed under this Public License, and include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, this Public License.
You may satisfy the conditions in Section 3(a)(1) in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share the Licensed Material. For example, it may be reasonable to satisfy the conditions by providing a URI or hyperlink to a resource that includes the required information.
If requested by the Licensor, You must remove any of the information required by Section 3(a)(1)(A) to the extent reasonably practicable.
ShareAlike.
In addition to the conditions in Section 3(a), if You Share Adapted Material You produce, the following conditions also apply.

The Adapter�s License You apply must be a Creative Commons license with the same License Elements, this version or later, or a BY-SA Compatible License.
You must include the text of, or the URI or hyperlink to, the Adapter's License You apply. You may satisfy this condition in any reasonable manner based on the medium, means, and context in which You Share Adapted Material.
You may not offer or impose any additional or different terms or conditions on, or apply any Effective Technological Measures to, Adapted Material that restrict exercise of the rights granted under the Adapter's License You apply.
Section 4 � Sui Generis Database Rights.

Where the Licensed Rights include Sui Generis Database Rights that apply to Your use of the Licensed Material:

for the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(1) grants You the right to extract, reuse, reproduce, and Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database;
if You include all or a substantial portion of the database contents in a database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights, then the database in which You have Sui Generis Database Rights (but not its individual contents) is Adapted Material, including for purposes of Section 3(b); and
You must comply with the conditions in Section 3(a) if You Share all or a substantial portion of the contents of the database.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 4 supplements and does not replace Your obligations under this Public License where the Licensed Rights include other Copyright and Similar Rights.
Section 5 � Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability.

Unless otherwise separately undertaken by the Licensor, to the extent possible, the Licensor offers the Licensed Material as-is and as-available, and makes no representations or warranties of any kind concerning the Licensed Material, whether express, implied, statutory, or other. This includes, without limitation, warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement, absence of latent or other defects, accuracy, or the presence or absence of errors, whether or not known or discoverable. Where disclaimers of warranties are not allowed in full or in part, this disclaimer may not apply to You.
To the extent possible, in no event will the Licensor be liable to You on any legal theory (including, without limitation, negligence) or otherwise for any direct, special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive, exemplary, or other losses, costs, expenses, or damages arising out of this Public License or use of the Licensed Material, even if the Licensor has been advised of the possibility of such losses, costs, expenses, or damages. Where a limitation of liability is not allowed in full or in part, this limitation may not apply to You.
The disclaimer of warranties and limitation of liability provided above shall be interpreted in a manner that, to the extent possible, most closely approximates an absolute disclaimer and waiver of all liability.
Section 6 � Term and Termination.

This Public License applies for the term of the Copyright and Similar Rights licensed here. However, if You fail to comply with this Public License, then Your rights under this Public License terminate automatically.
Where Your right to use the Licensed Material has terminated under Section 6(a), it reinstates:

automatically as of the date the violation is cured, provided it is cured within 30 days of Your discovery of the violation; or
upon express reinstatement by the Licensor.
For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 6(b) does not affect any right the Licensor may have to seek remedies for Your violations of this Public License.
For the avoidance of doubt, the Licensor may also offer the Licensed Material under separate terms or conditions or stop distributing the Licensed Material at any time; however, doing so will not terminate this Public License.
Sections 1, 5, 6, 7, and 8 survive termination of this Public License.
Section 7 � Other Terms and Conditions.

The Licensor shall not be bound by any additional or different terms or conditions communicated by You unless expressly agreed.
Any arrangements, understandings, or agreements regarding the Licensed Material not stated herein are separate from and independent of the terms and conditions of this Public License.
Section 8 � Interpretation.

For the avoidance of doubt, this Public License does not, and shall not be interpreted to, reduce, limit, restrict, or impose conditions on any use of the Licensed Material that could lawfully be made without permission under this Public License.
To the extent possible, if any provision of this Public License is deemed unenforceable, it shall be automatically reformed to the minimum extent necessary to make it enforceable. If the provision cannot be reformed, it shall be severed from this Public License without affecting the enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.
No term or condition of this Public License will be waived and no failure to comply consented to unless expressly agreed to by the Licensor.
Nothing in this Public License constitutes or may be interpreted as a limitation upon, or waiver of, any privileges and immunities that apply to the Licensor or You, including from the legal processes of any jurisdiction or authority.
Creative Commons is not a party to its public licenses. Notwithstanding, Creative Commons may elect to apply one of its public licenses to material it publishes and in those instances will be considered the �Licensor.� The text of the Creative Commons public licenses is dedicated to the public domain under the CC0 Public Domain Dedication. Except for the limited purpose of indicating that material is shared under a Creative Commons public license or as otherwise permitted by the Creative Commons policies published at creativecommons.org/policies, Creative Commons does not authorize the use of the trademark �Creative Commons� or any other trademark or logo of Creative Commons without its prior written consent including, without limitation, in connection with any unauthorized modifications to any of its public licenses or any other arrangements, understandings, or agreements concerning use of licensed material. For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph does not form part of the public licenses.

Creative Commons may be contacted at creativecommons.org.



===========================================================================

To the extent any open source components are licensed under the
GPL and/or LGPL, or other similar licenses that require the
source code and/or modifications to source code to be made
available (as would be noted above), you may obtain a copy of
the source code corresponding to the binaries for such open
source components and modifications thereto, if any, (the
"Source Files"), by downloading the Source Files from Pivotal's website at
https://network.pivotal.io/open-source, or by sending a request, 
with your name and address to: Pivotal Software, Inc., 875 Howard Street, 5th
floor, San Francisco, CA 94103, Attention: General Counsel. All such requests
should clearly specify: OPEN SOURCE FILES REQUEST, Attention General Counsel. 
Pivotal shall mail a copy of the Source Files to you on a CD or equivalent
physical medium. 
This offer to obtain a copy of the Source Files is valid for three
years from the date you acquired this Software product. 
Alternatively, the Source Files may accompany the Pivotal product.


[PCFSTEELTOE10GAJA050217]
